In this section we're going to walk through installation of re-act native on OSX.
So if you are not on a Mac or you do not want to install Iowas specifically if you instead want to go
with Android you'll want to jump to the next section where we'll talk about the installation of Android
on either OSX or on Windows.
So just make sure that you're in the right place and you go to at least one of these set up tracks just
one of them.
So the setup that we're going to go through inside this section for Iowa on OSX is going to be identical
nearly identical to the installation directions that are provided in the official re-act native documentation.
Let's pull that documentation up.
Just a start in my browser to make a new tab and search for reac native and I'll click on the Getting
Started the link right here.
So this is the documentation for getting started with Mack in Iowa s we will go through these instructions
right here.
So if you get lost any point in time you can always come back to these directions.
But I will tell you right now that we're going to go through the set up with a lot more detail than
what's listed right here.
I just want you to know that these directions do exist so let's get started with the setup.
I want you to know right now and this is going to hold true throughout the entire course with any tutorial
I write.
It is very important to me that you understand exactly why we are installing each tool and why we were
left right.
Each line of code.
So before we started doing that installation we're going to just have a very quick discussion about
the purpose of each of these dependencies and exactly what we are installing.
The first dependency that we're going to install is X code x code is Apple's official ID for building
software for nearly any official Apple device like iPhones eye watches or Mac laptops.
We will be using X code to build our apps and install them on a mobile device X code also comes bundled
with the iOS simulator which is a tool used to run mobile apps directly on your desktop or laptop.
Second we'll be installing homebrew homebrew is a Mac OSX dependency management program which we're
going to use for exactly one purpose just to install node.
That's kind of the funny thing about the set up here you have to install programs just to install programs
that kind struck me as all that funny.
Anyways after we install homebrew we'll use it to install node and NPM node and PM are a package deal
sorts then's are installed at the same time.
Knodell we used to run javascript outside the browser which is what we're going to be doing well and
Tim is used for dependency management.
In our case we'll be using node to process some javascript files that will be creating the javascript
that we write will be processed by node and then pumped into our re-act native application.
But we'll talk all about that later on.
Third excuse me fourth we'll be installing Watchmen.
Watchmen is a program developed by Facebook for exactly one purpose.
Watching files are a hard drive and noticing when they get changed Watchmen will be used by re-act native
to automatically process changes to our code base and update the mobile app that we're working on.
In practice we don't actually have to do anything with watchman besides install it.
The Riak native package that irks me the native command line tool will take care of everything from
there.
Speaking of which the last thing that will install is the re-act native command line interface.
This has two purposes.
The first of which is to generate new reac native projects and the second is to run our projects in
either the Iowa us or I.
You mean iOS or Android simulator.
So that's the purpose of each piece here.
Couple of different items to install and we're going to get started right now.
First with X code.
So we're going to start off with installing X code and then we'll continue in the next section with
everything else to try and solve as well.
Let me tell you right now one thing about X code very important remark even if you already have X code
installed I beg you please please please go through the x code installation process and make sure that
you do not have any pending updates.
And the words make sure you have the latest version of X code you would not believe the number of problems
I have troubleshot that were caused by out of out of date versions of X code.
So it's just as really low hanging fruit if you just do the update right now.
You'll be good to go.
So let's walk through the installation process.
I'm going to first open up the app store.
So I to hit command space to bring up the spotlight search and then look for AppStore
the app store is kind of notoriously slow but once it actually boots up on the top right hand side I
will search for X code and then we'll get our search results eventually.
You know eventually.
All right there we go.
And on the very top left I have the X code result so opened up X code and I've already got X could installed
myself.
But go ahead if you do not have it installed this button will be green.
Click install and go through the installation process like one or two windows will pop up and say hey
you know except the license agreement or what have you.
Just click accept accept and it will install X code for you.
If you already have X code installed.
So really important if you already have X code installed.
Again I beg you please come up here to the top right to the Updates tab and just verify that you have
the latest version of X code.
Once it find there you go.
So you can see that you know I've installed X code update couple of days ago version 7.3.
If you have a newer version no problem whatsoever.
Just make sure that you've got the lase latest version of Mexico installed.
OK.
So that's it.
That's good.
In a nutshell.
If you are going through the installation right now continue with that.
We're going to take a quick break and then come back in the next section and start walking through our
node installation.